the catv 30 50 c by coolster is a 110cc
atv it's a great starter a TV for the
youngest survivor the chow-chow 80 a
110v is identical to the culture 3050
see there's just different manufacturers
the 110b has 14 inch tires which is the
smallest tire size offer we have a wide
range of test riders so you can see the
great difference in the size that this
HD deal fit to help you make your
selection the youngest rider seen in
this video is eight who's h2 which is
absolutely amazing this is only for size
purposes we do not recommend this atv
for two years old sara is age 9 and 55
inches tall as you can see she's a
little big for this but really enjoyed
riding the 110 this way it was late it's
a lot smaller than the rest o
design the coolest of 3050 see features
electric start an automatic four-stroke
engine and 6.2 horsepower to give you a
top speed of 20 miles an hour but don't
worry if you want to slow your kids down
this cool straight TV does feature the
throttle governor so you can slow it way
down this atv also features the remote
control kill switch which is a must-have
for parents teaching their new kids how
to ride the remote also comes with an
alarm so it cannot be started or stolen
the seat height is 24 inches from the
ground and 18 inches from the footrest
it features drum brakes in the front and
a hydraulic disc in the rear this is a
great a TV for a great price if the
value just doesn't get better than this
and we're not going to charge you tax
it's just an all-around value package
you